.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH MODEL 1 2000-Jan "ANN" "ANN"
.SH NAME
ANN \- create artificial neural network
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIANN();\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
create artificial neural network
 
 Artificial neural networks (ANNs), or connectionist systems, are 
 computing systems vaguely inspired by the biological neural networks
 that constitute animal brains. Such systems "learn" to perform 
 tasks by considering examples, generally without being programmed 
 with any task-specific rules.

 An ANN Is a model based On a collection Of connected units Or nodes
 called "artificial neurons", which loosely model the neurons In a 
 biological brain. Each connection, Like the synapses In a biological 
 brain, can transmit information, a "signal", from one artificial 
 neuron To another. An artificial neuron that receives a signal can
 process it And Then signal additional artificial neurons connected 
 To it. In common ANN implementations, the signal at a connection 
 between artificial neurons Is a real number, And the output Of Each 
 artificial neuron Is computed by some non-linear Function Of the sum 
 Of its inputs. The connections between artificial neurons are called 
 "edges". Artificial neurons And edges typically have a weight that 
 adjusts As learning proceeds. The weight increases Or decreases the
 strength Of the signal at a connection. Artificial neurons may have 
 a threshold such that the signal Is only sent If the aggregate signal
 crosses that threshold. Typically, artificial neurons are aggregated 
 into layers. Different layers may perform different kinds Of transformations 
 On their inputs. Signals travel from the first layer (the input layer)
 To the last layer (the output layer), possibly after traversing the
 layers multiple times.

 The original goal Of the ANN approach was To solve problems In the
 same way that a human brain would. However, over time, attention 
 moved To performing specific tasks, leading To deviations from biology. 
 Artificial neural networks have been used On a variety Of tasks,
 including computer vision, speech recognition, machine translation,
 social network filtering, playing board And video games And medical 
 diagnosis.

 Deep learning consists Of multiple hidden layers In an artificial 
 neural network. This approach tries To model the way the human brain 
 processes light And sound into vision And hearing. Some successful 
 applications Of deep learning are computer vision And speech recognition.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
model
.SH FILES
.PP
enigma.dll
.PP
