.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH LEARNING 1 2000-Jan "feed" "feed"
.SH NAME
feed \- feed training data to the machine learning model
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIfeed(\fBmodel\fR as <generic> MLModel, 
\fBx\fR as any, 
\fBfeatures\fR as any, 
..., 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
feed training data to the machine learning model
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBmodel\fB \fR\- A machine learning model object. 
.PP
.PP
\fBx\fB \fR\- 
 the training data to feed to the model object, 
 it usually be a dataframe object.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBfeatures\fB \fR\- 
 usually a character vector to gets the training data fields
. 
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
Typically, machine learning models require a high quantity of 
 reliable data in order for the models to perform accurate predictions. 
 When training a machine learning model, machine learning engineers
 need to target and collect a large and representative sample of 
 data. Data from the training set can be as varied as a corpus of 
 text, a collection of images, sensor data, and data collected from 
 individual users of a service. Overfitting is something to watch out
 for when training a machine learning model. Trained models derived 
 from biased or non-evaluated data can result in skewed or undesired 
 predictions. Bias models may result in detrimental outcomes thereby 
 furthering the negative impacts on society or objectives. Algorithmic
 bias is a potential result of data not being fully prepared for 
 training. Machine learning ethics is becoming a field of study and 
 notably be integrated within machine learning engineering teams.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
learning
.SH FILES
.PP
enigma.dll
.PP
